In the last lecture we learned about redirect.
Now let me show you a number usage of redirect.
Actually in the new post component dare we probably want to redirect.
Once we clicked the submit button your and once we made our HDP request we often don't want to change
the page and not remain on that page using the redirect component.
We can easily do that.
We can import read direct from re-act router Dom just like before.
Now if we place redirect in GSX here outside of a switch statement we always have to redirect with the
two property though we can't use from.
So here we could redirect to slash posts.
For example the issue with that of course is now if I save to code like this if we click onto new post
we are immediately redirected back to posts because the redirect component is rendered and when whenever
this is rendered it redirects us.
So we have no chance of entering content.
Therefore we need to render this conditionally.
And since it's a normal component as all of this re-act router is we just have to render it conditionally
as we render any other content conditionally.
So we could add a new state here.
Maybe submitted which initially is false which we then set to true.
Once we made the HTP request so there alcohol said state and said submitted to true.
Now I can use submitted to determine whether or not to render redirect.
So in the render method I could have a redirect variable which is null by default.
But then I'd check if this state submitted is true and if it is then redirect is equal to that redirect
component and then I return J as X which includes that redirect variable which is even now or do you
redirect component.
If we save dat code we can successfully go to new post but as soon as I do submit a post and it is hitting
the server I am redirected with a conditional redirect.
Now this is our way of using redirect outside of us which statement.
Not with Thrawn but instead deconditioned just is.
Did something happen so that I want to render this component and then we only render it when we want
to redirect.
Might feel strange at first that you render a component to leave the page but this is just how it works.